Shu Yan has actually obtained the certificate with her husband and fourth master
Turns out that bitch has been watching me laugh
Hello how is it
Is the blind date still successful?
Okay.
Fu Siyan, do you still want to go home tonight?
The blind date is October
What? How could it be him?
It's him, shouldn't you be more at ease?
Why? Because you know I hate him.
Anyway.
I'm busy officially going
You don't have to persuade me
I will not agree with you and estrangement
Continue to be together
Mom, I'm not here to persuade you.
You want to pit
I already promised you during the blind date.
I came today on other business
I think my dad gave me a USB stick before he died
It's been in the safe all the time, and there's a lot more
Sorry, I need such a thing.
Do you need it at work?
Ah, that's right.
Password is your birthday